Hey man , you wanna buy some weed ?  Some what ?  Weed ! You know ? Pot , Ganja , Mary Jane some chronic !  Oh , umm , no thanks .  I also have blow if you prefer to do a few lines .  No , I am ok , really .  Come on man ! I even got dope and acid ! Try some !  Do you really have all of these drugs ? Where do you get them from ?  I got my connections ! Just tell me what you want and I ’ ll even give you one ounce for free .  Sounds good ! Let ’ s see , I want .  Yeah ?  I want you to put your hands behind your head ! You are under arrest ! 
The taxi drivers are on strike again .  What for ?  They want the government to reduce the price of the gasoline .  It is really a hot potato . 
We've managed to reduce our energy consumption in our factory by about 15 per cent in the last two years .  That's excellent . How have you managed that ?  Mainly because we've invested in a heat recovery system .  What does that mean exactly ?  Well , we use the exhaust gases from our printing presses to provide energy to heat our dryers .  What other sources of energy do you use ?  We don't use any fossil fuels . Most of our power comes from hydro-electric plants . We're hoping to use even more energy from alternative sources in the future - perhaps even wind power . 
Believe it or not , tea is the most popular beverage in the world after water .  Well , people from Asia to Europe all enjoy tea .  Right . And China is the homeland of tea .  Yes , Chinese people love drinking tea so much . Some even claim they can't live without tea .  Do you know there are several catagories of Chinese tea ?  Yes , I believe there are green teas , black teas and scented teas . Any Others ?  Well , have you ever heard of Oulong tea and compressed tea ?  Oh , yeah . Oulong tea is good for one's health . isn't it ?  You surely know a lot about Chinese tea .  Sure , I like drinking tea at teahouses .  Oh , so do I .  Why don't we go for one now ?  Great . We can chat while enjoying a cup there .  Let's go ! 
What are your personal weaknesses ?  I ’ m afraid I ’ m a poor talker . I ’ m not comfortable talking with the people whom I have just met for the first time . That is not very good for business , so I have been studying public speaking .  Are you more of a leader or a follower ?  I don ’ t try to lead people . I ’ d rather cooperate with everybody , and get the job done by working together .  Do you think you can make yourself easily understood in English ?  Yes , in most circumstances .  Are you available for travel ?  Yes , I like travelling . I am young , and unmarried . It ’ s no problem for me to travel frequently . 
how long will it take us to drive to London ?  I think it ’ s a distance of 180 kilometers from here to London , so it should be a two-hour drive on the motorway .  that ’ s unless there is a traffic jam . It could take three hours .  you ’ re right . We will be able to travel at high speeds at the beginning and end of the journey , because we will be in built-up areas .  so , shall we allow three hours to cover the distance ?  ok . You haven ’ t seen my company car , have you ?  no . let me take a look ... it ’ s longer than my car .  I think it ’ s over five meters long . I can ’ t remember exactly . It has a maximum speed of over 200 kilometers an hour .  wow ! That ’ s fast ! I don ’ t think we will be traveling that fast on the motorway .  we can ’ t . if we went that fast , we would break the speed limit . 
So how did I do on my driving test ?  Do you want the truth ?  Of course , I do .  Well , you really didn't do all that well .  How bad did I do ?  To be completely honest , you failed your test .  How ?  There were a number of reasons .  What were they ?  Basically , you just can't drive .  Can I have another try ?  You can take it in a couple weeks . 
Good morning . What's the matter with you ?  Good morning , doctor . I have a terrible headache .  All right , young man . Tell me how it got started .  Yesterday I had a runny nose . Now my nose is stuffed up . I have a sore throat . And I ’ m afraid I've got a temperature . I feel terrible .  Don't worry , young man . Lat me give you an examination . First let me take a look at your throat . Open your mouth and say'ah ' .  Ah .  Your throat is inflamed . And your tongue is heavily coated . You have all the symptoms of influenza .  What am I supposed to do then ?  A good rest is all you need , and drink more water . I'll write you a prescription .  Thank you very much . 
My dear , what's for supper ?  Red cooked carp and rape with fresh mushrooms .  What about soup ?  Sour-peppery soup .  Which condiment do you use for ?  I'll use ginger , garlic scallion , hot pepper and vinegar .  Very good , need I help you ?  No , don't need , I can do myself .  Thanks . I can watch TV now .  But you must cook that dinner next time .  Okay , I'll do it next time . 
Hello , this is Mike , Kara .  Mike ! Good to hear from you . How are you ?  Everything is fine , and how are you ?  Things are going well with me .  Kara , I had fun the other night at the movies and was wondering if you would like to go out again this Friday .  Mike , I don't think that it's a good idea to go out again . I really need to focus on getting packed and ready to move back home .  Maybe we could just meet for coffee or something .  I can't really deal with any distractions right now , but I appreciate the nice evening we spent together . 
Sun-set hotel . May I help you ?  Yes , I have booked a room for 24th . It's a double room .  Hold on , please . Let me check it for you . Yes , you're right . You will keep it for 3 days .  Well , now I want to change the date from 24th to 28th .  OK , that shall be arranged . 
Are you busy tomorrow morning ?  I'm free . What's up ?  Someone has to pick up the boss at the airport .  Oh , I just remembered I've got a report to write . 
I'm sorry I'm so late . I had a really bad day .  It's ten after six.We ' re late.But dinner is at six thirty .  I know . I know . I'm really sorry . I lost my bag .  I'll call the lost and found office .  I didn't think of it.Thank you.And I do apologize for being late . 
Nani Book Store . How can I help you ?  Do you have the ' The man and the Sea ' by Ernest Hemingway ?  Yes , we have one copy left .  Can you hold it for me ? 
Do you have maps of downtown area ?  Yes , here you are .  How much is it ?  It's free of charge .  Thanks so much . 
Hi there , I want to reserve a hotel room .  No problem at all . Could I have your full name , please ?  Sure , John Sandals .  Hi , Mr . Sandals . I'm Michelle , at your service . When do you need the room ?  My plans are to be there April 14th to the 17th .  We have new room rates , sir . Will that be acceptable to you ?  Well , it depends on the price , of course . What is it ?  It's $ 308 a night .  I have no problem with that .  Great ! Would you prefer smoking or nonsmoking ?  Definitely nonsmoking . I can't handle that smell .  Nonsmoking . Now , is a queen-size bed okay ?  No problem .  Great , Mr . Sandals . Your reservation is confirmed . Now all I need is your phone number .  Of course ! It's area code 626-555-1739 .  Thank you so much , Mr . Sandals . We look forward to seeing you ! 
Could I have my bill , please ?  Certainly , sir .  I'm afraid there's been a mistake .  I'm sorry , sir . What seems to be the trouble ?  I believe you have charged me twice for the same thing . Look , the figure of 6.5 dollar appears here , then again here .  I'll just go and check it for you , sir . 
Good evening , madam . Can I help you ?  Yes . I bought this sheet here yesterday .  Anything wrong with it ?  Yes . When I spread it out back home , I found this hole .  Oh , how awful ! May I have a look at the invoice ?  Here it is .  Well . please accept our sincere apologies , I'll be glad to change it for another one if you wish .  That's very kind of you . Thank you .  We're sorry that this has happened , and I guarantee that the same mistake won't happen again . 
I need to buy some flowers for my wife .  Perhaps you'd be interested in red roses .  What would the roses cost me ?  They're only $ 20 a dozen .  I like the sound of that .  Yes , that is today's sale price .  A dozen will be fine .  Is there anything else you'd like to get ?  No , thank you .  These roses should make your wife very happy . 
Room service , is there anything I can do for you ?  Yes , I am afraid there are not enough outlets .  Well , we have 6 for each room .  Yes , but 4 of them are broken . Can you send someone here ?  OK sir , please wait a minute . 
Why'd you pull me over ?  Are you aware that you drove through a red light ?  I ran a red light ?  Yes , you did .  I apologize , but I didn't realize that I did .  Weren't you taught that yellow means slow down , not speed up ?  I did learn that .  So , then why did you speed up ?  I don't know what to tell you .  I'm going to have to write you a ticket .  I understand .  Here you go . Don't do that again . 
Can I have the roll of film developed here ?  Surely of course .  Here is the film . Can I get my pictures tomorrow ?  Sure .  Besides I want two copies of all the photos . 
Tell me a little bit about yourself , please .  My name is Dunlin and I live in Beijing . I was born in 1980 . I will graduate from Peking University this July . I have majored in accounting .  Would you tell me something about your family ?  There are three in my family , my parents and myself . My father is a teacher and my mother is a worker . 
I really need to start eating healthier .  I have to start eating better too .  What kind of food do you usually eat ?  I try my best to eat only fruits , vegetables , and chicken .  Is that really all that you eat ?  That's basically it .  How do you stick to only those foods ?  Actually , fruits and veggies are really good for you .  Yeah , I know , but what about the chicken ?  I mainly eat baked chicken , because there's not a lot of fat .  That does sound pretty good .  I know it does , and that's because it is . 
Good afternoon ! Can I help you ?  Could you show me where the Chinesc-style clothing is located ? I want to buy a silk coat .  This way , please . Here they are . They're all handmade .  Oh , they look nice . May I try that black one on ?  Of course . The fitting room is right over there .  Do you have a medium in the same color ? This one is a little tight .  l'm sorry . All the black of that size are sold out . Would you like a red one ?  OK . Let me try it on . What do you think ?  Oh , that suits you very well . Besides it is believed in China that the red color brings happiness and good luck .  Really ? I'II take it and I'm leaving here tomorrow . Is it possible for you to send one in black to me by mail when you get it in ?  Our pleasure . Please fill out this form , leaving your address and telephone number .  Thanks . How much would that come to ?  Let me see ... 
How are you today ?  Great , thanks .  Can I help you ?  I would actually like to view the apartment for rent today .  I ’ m sorry , but you won ’ t be able to view it today .  Why not ?  You have to make an appointment first .  Oh , okay . Can I do that right now ?  Is this Friday okay ?  Is 6 o ’ clock Friday evening okay ?  Yes , I will schedule you for that time .  Thank you very much . See you then . 
Today I want to invite you to talk about insurance you ’ re interested in .  Thank you . I wonder whether I can enjoy the life insurance and health insurance .  Of course . A two-week paid vacation a year , a five-day workweek .  Good . Anything else ?  Yes , all the insurance will be linked with your work . We will issue an insurance policy . 
Next , please . Hello , may I help you , sir ?  Yes , I want to send a registered airmail letter to France .  Ok , it comes four dollars twenty cents .  Here is five dollars .  Here is your change . Please wait for your receipt of the registered mail .  I also want to pack up my package . This is the notes .  Let me see . En .. just a minute . Here it is . I need your signature on this note .  Oh , one more thing , where can I mail this letter ?  Drop it in the mail box mark out of town . at that corner .  Thank you very much .  You ‘ re welcome . 
we really were lucky . We got the last available table for two---and we didn't even have a reservation ! Did you see the long lines behind us ?  yeah , I'm glad that we didn't have to wait long . I'm starving !  let's take a look at the menu so we can order . Do you want to choose an appetizer for us to share ?  what would you rather have , samosas or poppadoms ?  I heard that one of their specialities is the samosa .  well , let's get a plate of those then .  sounds good . What are you going to have for your main course ?  I think I might have a dahl .  what's in a dahl ?  it's got chickpeas and vegetables in a spicy curry sauce with rice .  that sounds nice . Do you want to share some kebabs as well ?  ok . How about some lamb kebabs ?  that's my favourite . Do you want to have some wine or beer ?  I think I'll have a beer .  ok , shall I flag down the waitress ?  I wouldn't recommend it . I think we should wait until she comes round .  you're right . That might seem a bit rude . It's a good thing I've got you with me !  what would you do without me ? 
This position demands a higher writing ability , so please say something about your writing ability .  Of course . I've loved writing since I was a very little boy . I won the first prize in a national composition contest when I was in middle school . After attending Nanjing University , I never give up writing . My works , such as Father's Tobacco Pipe , Open Air Cinema , The old City were respectively published China Youth Daily , Yangzi Evening News , and New Beijing . During the period of studying for my degrees of master and doctor , I paid more attention to developing my research ability and published several papers . The Impact of Internet in Chinese Political Participation , The Discipline of Remold , The Historical Direction of Chinese Administration Reform , Bribery Cases of Self governance in Chinese Villages are respectively published in Chinese Publish Administration , Beijing Due Xuebao , Theory and Society and Chinese Reform . I joined in Yangzi Evening News to work as a part-time journalist in 2006 . During this period , I've written a lot of comments , which improved my writing ability to a new level , I have full confidence in my writing ability , and I believe I can do the job well . 
pompous . How may I help you ?  Yes , I'd like to reserve a table for dinner .  How large a group are you expecting ?  Six couples .  Would you like to reserve a private dining room ?  That sounds like a good idea .  All right . May I have your name , Sir ?  My name is Ron Kollwitz . 
Ms . Wang , this is Mr . Cooper , president of Ivy Publishing .  It's nice to meet you , Mr . Cooper .  Nice to meet you , Ms . Wang . You must be exhausted after your long trip from Canada .  Yes , it was quite a long flight . I'm glad to finally be here . 
Can you help me now ?  No , but I'll be able to tomorrow .  That'll be too late .  Why don't you ask Bill if he can help ?  I did , but he wasn't able to either . 
Have you got any experience in advertising ?  Yes , I have been working in the Public Relations Section of a company in the past two years . I plan the advertising campaign and cooperate the work of artists and typographers . Sometimes I have to do the work of a specialist when there ’ s something urgent .  Do you have any practical experience as a secretary ?  Yes , sir . I acted as a secretary in an insurance company .  Would you tell me the essential qualities a secretary should maintain ?  Well , to begin with , I would say she needs to be diligent , and the second point is that she has to do a lot of things on her own initiative . Finally , she can make notes in shorthand and types and has the skills in report writing , summary writing , keep minutes at meetings , and so on . Most important of all is that she seems to have a better memory than average .  Have you had any experience with computer ?  Yes , I studied in a computer training program , and can process data through the computer .  That's fine . What about operating the fax and duplicator ?  I can handle them without any trouble  What have you learned from jobs you have held ?  Above all , I have learned that what is good for the company is good for me . So I follow the instructions strictly and always keep my boss informed .  Very good . 
Hi , Dan . What's new ?  Where have you been ? I've been trying to get in touch with you for two days .  I went to Salt Lake City on business . What's up ?  I got fired .  How come ? Last time I saw you . You told me it was a good job , and you'd like to take it as a career . That was only one month ago . Why this sudden change ?  It's a long story . In a word , I didn't do a good job of it . I messed up a business deal , a deal that would have made ten million dollars and I messed it up .  What are you going to do now ?  I am trying to find a job asap . Lily doesn't know yet . I didn't tell her . I spent the past three days at the coffee shop next to your office , and she thought I went to work as usual .  That's not the way to solve the problem . Did you look in the classified advertisements column ?  Yes , I did . But I wasn't qualified for most of the jobs that I was interested in .  Listen . I will see what I can do , ok ? You go home and tell Lily about this problem you have now . She is your wife and I am sure she will understand .  I just don't know how to bring it up . Well , all right . She has the right to know anyways . 
Have you ever gotten a parking ticket ?  I've never gotten one . Have you ?  I got a ticket yesterday .  Really ? What did you get one for ?  I parked in the red zone .  Why did you do that ?  I needed to get something really quick .  Where did you park at ?  At my apartment building .  Don't you have your own parking spot ?  I needed to be fast .  That was very lazy of you . 
How may I help you ?  I ’ m having a problem .  What problem are you having ?  There have been charges made on my debit card that I didn ’ t make .  Do you have the statement for your card ?  Here it is .  What are the charges you ’ re referring to ?  The last four charges on the page .  I ’ m afraid we ’ re going to have to investigate these charges .  How long will an investigation take ?  I honestly don ’ t know , but we will freeze payment on these charges .  That sounds absolutely fantastic . 
Good afternoon . Can I be of service ?  I don't know . Can I purchase Treasury Certificates here at this counter ?  Yes , of course . We have Treasury Notes with two , three and five-year terms available .  Two years is fine , with a value of 1,000 RIB .  OK , could I take a look at some ID please , like a passport ?  Here you go . By the way , is it possible to cash them before the maturity comes up ?  No , I'm afraid that isn't possible . You must wait until maturity before you cash them . 
Hey . Why did you take that money ? You are such a cheater ! I should send you to jail !  I am not cheating . When you pass go , you collect $ 200 , Everyone knows that !  Well you can ’ t just take the money . You have to ask the bank for money . And I ’ m the banker .  Banker ?  Yes ...  Can I have my $ 200 please ?  Sure . Here you are , $ 200 , Thank you , please come again ! Now it ’ s my turn to roll the dice . 
Hi , is this Professor Clark ’ s office ?  This is Professor Clark speaking .  Hi , this is Kalina from your morning literature class .  Yes , what can I do for you ?  I had a skydiving accident over the weekend and won ’ t be able to come to school today .  My goodness ! Are you OK ?  I broke my leg , but it is healing .  How long will you be out of class ?  I should be able to return by next Monday .  Fine . Well , thanks for calling and letting me know you will be absent . I hope you feel better soon . 
Good afternoon ! Did you call for a plumber ?  Yes , yes I did . Please come in ! I ’ m so glad you came ! This old house is falling apart ! Come on into the bathroom . See , here , there ’ s water leaking everywhere !  I see . Let me have a look . It seems that your toilet is clogged , and that ’ s why it won ’ t flush . Let me just get my plunger . No , that ’ s not working either . I suspect that there ’ s some sort of foreign object in the pipes that ‘ s causing a blockage . That ’ s what ’ s making your toilet overflow .  Oh , that must be because of my four-year-old daughter . She is always flushing things down the toilet . You know how kids are .  Yeah , I have a little one myself . Anyway , these water pipes are really rusty , so they also should be changed . Thatcould be causing water to not drain completely , that might lead to more problems in the future . I would also suggest fixing this faucet that isn ’ t shutting off properly . I could have it all finished by today if it ’ s urgent .  That would be great ! Is it expensive ?  Let ’ s see ... I would say about eight hundred dollars . 
Listen , Karen , I need your help . I don't know anyone here yet .  I'm glad to help you . What's wrong ?  My mother-in-law just went into the hospital in L.A.Hank and I will be flying there tonight .  I'm sorry to hear it . What's wrong with her ?  Doctors aren't sure yet.But the real problem is Suzy . She has a bad cold , and we don't want to take her with us . But we don't know who can stay with her .  You need a babysitter .  Yes , I'd ask Jill , the girl I've had before , but I need someone overnight.Maybe even for two nights .  I could have Suzy stay at my place .  I don't want to do that to you , Karen .  Why not ?  Your own kids would get Suzy's cold . I think it would be better to have a good babysitter here . But I don't know who to ask . I need someone more mature than Jill . It might even be for two or three days .  I know who we can ask . There is a girl I know , Sara Ralston.She is 17 , and she will usually take this kind of job . I know her from my church , and I trust her completely .  I'd like to talk with her.This is short notice , I know . But Hank and I are leaving tonight .  I'll get you her number . I hope she can do it . She is very responsible .  I'm glad you know someone . I knew you would be the best person to ask about this . I don't want to insult Jill or her mother . I think Jill maybe could do it.But I'd rather have someone a little older .  I'll go home and get Sara's number . I'll call her first myself .  Great . Then call me and let me know if she's free . 
Good evening . What'll you have ?  I'd like a beer . What kind of beer do you have ?  Draft beer and cans beer . Which do you prefer ?  A draft beer please .  OK . Here you are .  Could I have some fruit ?  Of course . Wait for a moment , please . 
Hello , Mr . Black , how are you ?  Fine , thank you , and how are you ?  Very well , thank you . It's nice to meet you again . I am awfully sorry for not being able to meet you at the airport , as I was busy yesterday . I do hope you had a very enjoyable trip from New York .  Yes , a very pleasant journey indeed . Thank you .  How are you getting along with your business ?  Not bad . The fur market is not very brisk lately , but the selling season is advancing near . I hope there will be more buyers in the market this year .  I hope we can do more business together . Though we are satisfied with our past trade record , there are still possibilities for more business . In the meantime , let's discuss other spheres of cooperation , such as investment , technology transfer and technical assistance . 
By the way miss , where is the toilet ?  Toilets are in the rear , I am afraid all the toilets are fully occupied at the moment .  What ? Oh , what we live ! Thank you very much for your help , miss .  You are welcome . 
excuse me , could you tell me which line I ’ m supposed to stand in to buy bubble wrap and to post a package ?  you can buy the bubble wrap here , but you ’ ll have to stand in line over here to post your passage .  that ’ s a really long line . How long do you think it ’ ll take to get through all those people ?  it takes about 3 minutes per person , so it ’ ll probably be about an hour ’ s wait .  can I buy stamps here ?  sure . How many would you like ?  I need 30 for my Christmas cards .  are you sending them abroad ?  twenty of them are going abroad to China and America .  do you have any going anywhere in the EU ? If you do , those are less expensive .  no .  ok , here you go . That will be 18 pounds and seventy two pence .  and the bubble wrap ?  that ’ s another quid .  thanks a lot . You ’ Ve been very helpful . 
Good evening , Saliva . What's that wonderful aroma from your kitchen ? What are you doing now ?  I am cooking now !  Are you good at cooking ?  I have studied its skills recently at a training school . I plan to run a restaurant , so I have to practise cooking !  It is a good idea . What dish are you cooking now ? !  I am steaming fish in a pressure cooker . Have you ever tried steamed fish ?  Yes , I have . But the taste of steamed fish at that restaurant is not delicious . The fish is not well-done and too salty .  That's the case . I think there is not enough time to steam it and soy sauce is too much .  I have the same idea as yours .  It's OK . Please have a taste of it .  Thank you . Oh , it's very delicious .  Thank you for your praise .  Besides steamed fish , what else are you good at cooking ?  I am good at stewing beef with potato , frying chicken , hot and sour soup etc .  So many dishes . Next Friday week is my birthday . I would like to invite you to cook for my dinner party , OK ?  Why not ? It is a good opportunity for me to practise cooking .  Thanks a lot .  It's my pleasure . 
Room service.What can I do for you ?  This is room 2012 . Where is my laundry ? You promised to send to me this morning .  Well , let me check for you . I am sorry , sir . They mistook your order as a normal one.Actualty it's an express laundry , is that right ?  Yes , I ordered the express service .  Sir , we are terribly sorry for that.We will refund the charge and send your laundry to your room 3 hours later . Is that all right ?  That's fine . 
I'd like you to do me a favor .  What is it ?  Can you mail this at the post office for me ? I have to go to the doctor for an appointment and I don't have enough time to go to the post office .  Sure . And I'd like you to get some cold medicine for me when you go to the doctor's . 
Excuse me , may I help you ?  Would you please fill some gas for me ?  Sure . Which kind of gas do you want ?  Unleaded , please .  OK . 