Dan's parents were overweight. Dan was overweight as well. The doctors told his parents it was unhealthy. His parents understood and decided to make a change. They got themselves and Dan on a diet.
Carrie had just learned how to ride a bike. She didn't have a bike of her own. Carrie would sneak rides on her sister's bike. She got nervous on a hill and crashed into a wall. The bike frame bent and Carrie got a deep gash on her leg.
Morgan enjoyed long walks on the beach. She and her boyfriend decided to go for a long walk. After walking for over a mile, something happened. Morgan decided to propose to her boyfriend. Her boyfriend was upset he didn't propose to her first.
Jane was working at a diner. Suddenly, a customer barged up to the counter. He began yelling about how long his food was taking. Jane didn't know how to react. Luckily, her coworker intervened and calmed the man down.
I was talking to my crush today. She continued to complain about guys flirting with her. I decided to agree with what she says and listened to her patiently. After I got home, I got a text from her. She asked if we can hang out tomorrow.
Frank had been drinking beer. He got a call from his girlfriend, asking where he was. Frank suddenly realized he had a date that night. Since Frank was already a bit drunk, he could not drive. Frank spent the rest of the night drinking more beers.
Dave was in the Bahamas on vacation. He decided to go snorkeling on his second day. While snorkeling, he saw a cave up ahead. He went into the cave, and he was terrified when he found a shark! Dave swam away as fast as he could, but the shark caught and ate Dave.
Sunny enjoyed going to the beach. As she stepped out of her car, she realized she forgot something. It was quite sunny and she forgot her sunglasses. Sunny got back into her car and heading towards the mall. Sunny found some sunglasses and headed back to the beach.
Sally was happy when her widowed mom found a new man. She discovered her siblings didn't feel the same. Sally flew to visit her mom and her mom's new husband. Although her mom was obviously in love, he was nothing like her dad. Sally went home and wondered about her parents' marriage.
Dan hit his golf ball and watched it go. The ball bounced on the grass and into the sand trap. Dan pretended that his ball actually landed on the green. His friends were not paying attention so they believed him. Dan snuck a ball on the green and made his putt from 10 feet.
Josh had a parrot that talked. He brought his parrot to school. During show and tell, Josh's parrot said a bad word. The teacher told Joshua not to bring his bird again. When Josh got home, he was grounded.
Hal was walking his dog one morning. A cat ran across their path. Hal's dog strained so hard, the leash broke! He chased the cat for several minutes. Finally Hal lured him back to his side.
Brenda was in love with her boyfriend Maxwell. He was a successful artist with a promising future. Maxwell told Brenda he needed to talk to her. She thought he'd propose but he wanted to break up. Brenda walked away and now she is the saddest girl out of everyone.
Yanice opened the fridge and found nothing to eat. However, there were leftovers. She mixed it up in an attempt to make lunch. Since the place needed meat, she also fried and eggs. She ended up enjoying the meal.
I saw my friend Joe sitting in lobby today. I kept him company, as he is a lonely old man. He told me he had just listened to Beethoven's Ninth. I talked to him for an hour. I left him in the lobby and told him I would see him soon.
Twas the night after the first day of junior high. Amy and her friend Beth were on the phone. They had a lot to catch up on. Amy listened patiently as Beth told her about her day. She wanted to go 2nd because she knew hers was the better day.
I knew of a young man who won the lottery. He used to ride lawn mowers. After he won, he went on to using drugs. He blew a lot of money. Eventually his winnings were revoked after a dui.
A die hard shopper was waiting in the long line outside. It was miserably cold. The shopper saw a homeless man shivering in the alleyway. He gave up his place in the line and brought a gift back from his car. The shopper gave the homeless man a nice warm blanket.
Jeff invited his friends over to play board games on Saturday night. They arrived at his house early that evening. The six of them sat around a big table. They took turns deciding which game to play. They spent six hours playing different board games.
Chuck reclined on the back porch as he sipped his morning coffee. Today he would finally screen in this back porch. He gathered his tools and material supplies. He labored all day to finish the job. That night he snuggled with his wife on the bug free porch.
Jessica decided she wanted to go to the beach. She invited all her friends to go along. They had a great time, but covered in a lot of sticky sand. They searched for a shower for what felt like ages. Finally they found one and decided it was the best trip ever.
Dan wanted a pet for Christmas. He told his dad. His dad listened, but didn't say anything. So on Christmas morning, And got a wonderful surprise. He received a puppy with a shiny bow on it's head!
Kelly and her friends decided to have a hot dog contest. The girls competed against each other. They had to make the best tasting one. When it was over, Kelly won. She won a medal.
Dan was watching a Youtube video. His mom was in the kitchen, doing dishes. Suddenly, Dan ran into the kitchen and started crying. He had just seen a video of a man trampled by an elephant. His mom made Youtube off limits to Dan.
Jeff wanted to move out of his house. He had no money to pay for a new one. One day he bought a scratching ticket. He won enough money for a down payment. Jeff ended up moving to a new house.
I was walking to school. Since I wasn't looking at my feet, I stepped on a rock. I landed on the ground in pain. Thankfully, a stranger rushed to pick me up. He took me to the hospital to seek treatment.
Lily drove into town for some errands. While she was there, she bought a large iced coffee to go. It was delicious and refreshing and she couldn't wait to finish it. She put it on her car roof while fishing for her keys. She drove home and the coffee fell off and spilled.
Todd was hungry. He did not have anything to cook at his house. He decided he need to go buy something to cook. On the way to the store Todd decided to make hamburgers. Todd buys everything he needed and goes home and cooks.
Virgil brought home a bright blue recliner he had found online. His wife thought it was hideous and clashed with the decor. Virgil bought some fabric and had it reupholstered. His wife complained again, saying bright green still clashed. Virgil gave up and threw the recliner away.
Jenna was at the community pool with her family. She thought she could go out to the deeper end by herself. Without telling anyone, she swam out farther, and lost her footing. The lifeguard had to help her out of the water. Jenna had learned her lesson.
Joan entered the confessional and kneeled. She thought she was confessing to the old parish priest. Joan confessed she had fantasized about the young visiting priest. Joan felt relief as she left the confessional. Then she saw the old parish priest pull up in his car.
Homer decided to go watch a movie. But when he entered the movie theater, there was no where to sit. He found one spot by a bunch of kids. And during the movie, they made lots of noise. Homer became so annoyed, he decided to sit in the aisle.
Chip loved dip. At one party, he put his chip into the dip and double dipped. Skip saw Chip double dip. Skip had to flip at seeing the double dip. Chip then had to punch Skip on the lip.
Anna wanted to invite her crush Peter to the Sadie Hawkins dance. But Peter was very cute and popular. Anna feared her was far out of her league. She summoned her courage and asked him, expecting a rejection. But to her joy, Peter happily agreed to be her date!
Gina had been being mean to the new boy in her class. Then a bully began picking on Gina. She now knew how the boy felt. Gina realized she should stop being mean. She realized she should also apologize to the new boy.
Jerry was making toast. He set it to medium. When the toast came out it was completely burnt. He tried other settings with no better results. Eventually Jerry bought a new toaster.
Last week I accidentally overdrafted my account. A restaurant charged me too much by mistake. Afterward I made five more purchases. I had hundreds of dollars in overdraft fees. My bank refused to reverse more than half.
Frank was laughing so hard he started crying. His dog fell into the trash and couldn't get out. He took a video of it and posted it online. After a week Frank had over 10000 views. Frank knew this was as famous as he would ever be.
Ty had been deaf all her life, but now she was hoping to hear. Her doctor had offered her a new kind of super-powered hearing aid. She had it implanted and then waited eagerly for her first sound. And she heard hundreds, voices and music and more! She loved those sounds so much that she became a musician.
Bob walked into the ship elevator and heard a voice on the speaker. He told his wife the voice sounded the same as his audio book. They were surprised to hear the voice in the hallway to their cabin. The voice could still be in their cabin, so they called the steward. The steward found that the voice was coming from Bob's pocket phone.
John is sleepy. He starts a pot of coffee. John puts cream and sugar in his cup and thermos. He then adds coffee to both. After finishing the cup, he takes the thermos to work with him.
Susan was excited to plan her first egg hunt in the South. She found it fun to hide the candy filled eggs in green grass. The sun was high in the sky when the egg hunt started. Soon, kids were opening eggs and bursting into tears. Susan saw that all the candy inside had melted in the sun.
Bob met Ann and they started dating. They got along very well. But Bob was Lutheran and Ann was Catholic. Ann's mom disapproved of Bob's religion. Bob wants to marry Ann someday but is worried he can't.
Jen's in laws frustrated her to no end. They all went out to have lunch. At lunch, the in laws made it a point to ask Jen about her weight. Jen told them that she had gained a few pounds in the last two weeks. They still worried that Jen looked too thin and offered her some cake.
The woodworker was not satisfied with the cuts from a bit. He took the bit from the machine and looked at it. The bit had been worn away by a lot of use. He took it to a sharpener and began to grind it. After a while the old bit was as good as new.
I came out of my class and walked to my locker. I pressed my foot on a broken tile and fell on the ground. At first, no one was willing to help me up. However, one of the teachers around the area helped me get up. She took me to the school's nurse.
Timmy was always obsessed with airplanes. His dream was to be a pilot. For his 16th birthday his parents surprised him with flying lessons. He loved every minute of it. He was sure that's what he wanted to do after that.
Last night my wife and I went to the spa. We both got relaxing massages. We had facials. We soaked in warm water and stayed in the sauna. It was very nice.
Greg decided to join marching band. He practiced for weeks to make sure he made it past auditions. He even got his own instrument. The day of tryouts came and all his work was for nothing. It wasn't that he didn't made it, it's that everyone got accepted.
Lisa has a beautiful sapphire ring. She always takes it off to wash her hands. One afternoon, she noticed it was missing from her finger! Lisa searched everywhere she had been that day. She was elated when she found it on the bathroom floor!